Hi, Max. Hi, JoJo.
- Hi, Evie.
What's this dance competition
that you want to tell me about?
It's called The Great Big Dance Slam.
It's in Brighton.
It's on every year in June, isn't it?
It's going to be great
dancing with my twin brother
and my best friend.
Yes, I think it's on June the 6th.
Is that right, JoJo?
So, you want me to dance with you
but you don't know exactly
when the dance competition is?
Well, it's always at the weekend,
and it isn't usually in the holidays,
but I can't find the letter.
Well,
let's not worry about the letter.
The 6th of June is in two weeks,
we need to start practising and now.
Okay, let's see when we're all free.
So, in my free time
I go to art club and drama
on Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
I'm busy on Mondays,
but I'm always free on Thursdays.
and so are you, Evie.
Great,
let's practise on Thursday evenings.
I can't practise on Thursdays.
After school, I have band practice,
then I often play tennis, sorry.
So we can't practise
on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays,
and Max is busy on Thursdays.
Well, that still leaves
Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.
But mum and dad like us
to keep Sundays free for family time.
So let's phone to book the dance studio
for Friday evening
and Saturday morning
for the next two weeks.
Okay.
Dance studio, how can I help you?
Hi, it's Max.
Can we book the dance studio
for Friday evening
and Saturday morning
for the next two weeks, please?
Sorry. What's your surname, Max?
My surname is Richardson.
How do you spell it, please?
That's R-I-C-H-A-R-D-S-O-N.
Okay, bye.
Well?
Well, the good news is
we can rehearse in the dance studio
on Saturday mornings
from 9:30am to 11:00am.
And the bad news is
we can only rehearse on Saturdays.
Friday night is always Zumba night.
That's three hours of rehearsal
in total, no way.
Right, we need to find
the Dance Slam website.
I'll look for a phone number
and call them to say
that we can't enter the competition.
What's so funny?
Listen, "Don't forget, kids,
the Great Big Dance Slam
is on the 6th of July."
The competition isn't in June,
it's July.
We've got another month to rehearse.
- Fantastic.
- Great.